docs(INTRO): update current state section (#679)
razorpay/blade: packages/blade/docs/guides/Intro.stories.mdx

# ⌛️ Current State

> For the current state of things please refer to the left hand sidebar. We're actively working on adding more components, utilities and docs. Please reach us on Slack at `#platform_fe_core` for any queries or create an issue on the GitHub repo.

Reviewer: IDEA: For current state we can create a storybook recipes in a grid with all the components.

Author: Will increase the scope 😬

Reviewer: Yeah we can keep it in backlog. Anyway we need a kitchen sink kind of story. not a huge effort :p

Author: :godmode:

> For the current state of things please refer to the left hand sidebar. We're actively working on adding more components, utilities and docs. Please reach us on Slack at `#platform_fe_core` for any queries or create an issue on the GitHub repo.

Reviewer 2: Lets encourage the usage of the dedicated channel instead?
```suggestion
For the current state of things please refer to the left hand sidebar. We're actively working on adding more components, utilities and docs. Please reach us on Slack at `#design-system` for any queries or create an issue on the GitHub repo.
```
